add nomaps linter (#41)
JoelSpeed/kal: README.md

Their use should be avoided as much as possible.
They should never be used in spec.

## Nomaps

The `nomaps` linter checks the usage of map types.

Maps are discouraged apart from `map[string]string` which is used for labels and annotations in Kubernetes APIs since it's hard to distinguish between structs and maps in spec. Instead of plain map, lists of named subobjects are preferred.

> If you want to change the severity of warnings, you can change it in the configuration.

Reviewer: I don't think we need this line

> 

Reviewer: To be consistent with other entries
```suggestion

### Configuration

```

```yaml
lintersConfig:
  nomaps:

>     policy: Enforce | AllowStringToStringMaps | Ignore # The policy that nomaps should check the usage at what level. Defaults to AllowStringToStringMaps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    policy: Enforce | AllowStringToStringMaps | Ignore # Determines how the linter should handle maps of simple types. Defaults to AllowStringToStringMaps.
```
